Update doc with equivalent prompt behavior in MSAL (#82647)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-net-differences-adal-net.md

For details, see [the recommended pattern to acquire a token in public client applications](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-library-for-dotnet/wiki/AcquireTokenSilentAsync-using-a-cached-token#recommended-pattern-to-acquire-a-token) with ADAL.NET.

### Prompt Behavior in MSAL equivalent to that in ADAL -

> ADAL --> MSAL

Reviewer: please use a table markdown.

Reviewer: Also I think we want to use the ` around the identifiers

Author: Prompt Behavior - 
|  ADAL        | MSAL        |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `PromptBehavior.Auto`| `NoPrompt`|
| `PromptBehavior.Always`| `ForceLogin`        |
| `PromptBehavior.RefreshSession`| `Consent`|
| `PromptBehavior.Never`| `Never`, but it should not be used, instead use the [recommended pattern for public client apps](scenario-desktop-acquire-token.md?tabs=dotnet)        |
| `PromptBehavior.SelectAccount`| `SelectAccount`|

Author: Hi @jmprieur, please review the changes and modify or add to the content wherever you feel necessary. Thank you :)

Reviewer: > Prompt Behavior -
> 
> ADAL	MSAL
> `PromptBehavior.Auto`	`NoPrompt`: Azure AD chooses the best behavior (signing users silently if they are only signed-in with an account, or displaying the account selector if they are signed in with several accounts)
> `PromptBehavior.Always`	`ForceLogin`: resets the login box and forces the user to reenter their login and credentials
> `PromptBehavior.RefreshSession`	`Consent`: forces the user to reconsent to all permissions
> `PromptBehavior.Never`	`Never`, but it should not be used, instead use the [recommended pattern for public client apps](scenario-desktop-acquire-token.md?tabs=dotnet)
> `PromptBehavior.SelectAccount`	`SelectAccount`: display the account selector and forces the user to select an account.

Reviewer: @Rinki-MSFT : you made the change in the comment? not in the .md file?

PromptBehavior.Auto -> NoPrompt
PromptBehavior.Always -> ForceLogin

> PromptBehavior.RefreshSession --> Consent 

Reviewer: or rather `SelectAccount`

> PromptBehavior.Never --> Never, but it should not be used, instead try AcquireTokenSilent / catch MsalUiRequriedException and that should cover for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PromptBehavior.Never` --> Never, but it should not be used, instead use the [recommended pattern for public client apps](scenario-desktop-acquire-token.md?tabs=dotnet)
```

Author: Thank you @jmprieur for reviewing. I am working on the changes.
